c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.pdb
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.pdb
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication4.Form1.resources
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\Tao.FreeGlut.dll
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\Tao.FreeGlut.xml
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\Tao.OpenGl.dll
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\Tao.Platform.Windows.dll
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\Tao.OpenGl.xml
c:\users\roma\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\Tao.Platform.Windows.xml
C:\Users\Roma\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe.config
C:\Users\Roma\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Roma\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
D:\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe.config
D:\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.exe
D:\WindowsFormsApplication5\WindowsFormsApplication5\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication5.pdb
